[DOC] Update llvm_sparse_runtime.md (#7323)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/design/llvm_sparse_runtime.md

## `pointer` SNode

> The pointer SNode is a popular choice for sparse computation. It dynamically allocates memory only for activated cells and recycles the memory back into a memory pool once the cell is deactivated, conserving memory resources in large-scale grid computation. The pointer SNode can be thought of as an std::array<Cell*, N>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pointer SNode is a popular choice for sparse computation. It dynamically allocates memory only for activated cells and recycles it back into a memory pool once the cell is deactivated, conserving memory resources in large-scale grid computation. The pointer SNode can be thought of as an `std::array<Cell*, N>`.
```

# Runtime

> The runtime code for the LLVM backends can be found at this URL: https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/blob/master/taichi/runtime/llvm/runtime_module/runtime.cpp. It is important to note that this file is not linked into the core C++ library of Taichi, but instead is compiled into an LLVM byte code file (.bc). When Taichi starts, the .bc file is loaded into memory, deserialized into an llvm::Module, and linked with the JIT compiled Taichi kernels. This design allows the runtime code to be written once and shared between all LLVM backends, such as CPU and CUDA. Furthermore, the sparse runtime can be implemented in any language with sufficient abstraction (e.g., C++) rather than in raw LLVM IR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The runtime code for the LLVM backends can be found at this URL: <https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/blob/master/taichi/runtime/llvm/runtime_module/runtime.cpp>. It is important to note that this file is not linked into the core C++ library of Taichi, but instead is compiled into an LLVM byte code file (`.bc`). When Taichi starts, the `.bc` file is loaded into memory, deserialized into an `llvm::Module`, and linked with the JIT compiled Taichi kernels. This design allows the runtime code to be written once and shared between all LLVM backends, such as CPU and CUDA. Furthermore, the sparse runtime can be implemented in any language with sufficient abstraction (e.g., C++) rather than in raw LLVM IR.
```

}
```

> It is important to understand that this stage must run on a single thread in order to avoid data races on `recycled_list`. During GC, `recycled_list` must be cleared, with all of its contents transferred into `free_list`. If this were done in the third stage (which runs in parallel), it would be difficult to coordinate the event sequence of clearing and transferring among the GPU threads. As a result, this serial stage is created to store the number of elements of `recycled_list` into `recycle_list_size_backup`. The following steps have been implemented to handle the storage and clearing of the elements in the recycled_list:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to understand that this stage must run on a single thread in order to avoid data races on `recycled_list`. During GC, `recycled_list` must be cleared, with all of its contents transferred into `free_list`. If this were done in the third stage (which runs in parallel), it would be difficult to coordinate the event sequence of clearing and transferring among the GPU threads. As a result, this serial stage is created, when the following steps are implemented to handle the storage and clearing of the elements in the `recycled_list`:
```

> 1. Backup the number of elements in the recycled_list into recycle_list_size_backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Back up the number of elements in the `recycled_list` into `recycle_list_size_backup`.
```

> 2. Clear the recycled_list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Clear the `recycled_list`.
```
